# Join an Organization

## Description
Alice had decided to copy the DPr Network's organizational model to create the TOD organization. The creation of the TOD organization has been reflected in the hypermedia environment with the creation of an organization board artifact that can be used to enter and manage the organization. The organization board artifact is a material of the TOD organization, and it is contained in the News Network workspace, a shared space for news network members. While situated in the same workspace, Carol noticed the organization board artifact and decided to join the TOD organization to contribute to its mission of tackling online disinformation. Upon examining the artifact's profile, Carol perceives information about how to join the organization, which involves providing an API key for accessing the annotating service facility of the TOD organization. She proceeds to interact with the organization board artifact providing an API key, that unlocks new possible interactions for Carol with the organization.  

Carol has an article published online that she wants to evaluate. Therefore, she decides to create a group so that she can become a member of a tackling online disinformation team for that article. First, she interacts with the organization board artifact to create such a team based on information that she discovers on the artifact's profile. The creation of the tackling disinformation team is reflected in the hypermedia environment with the creation of a group board artifact that can be used to manage the new team. Then, Carol interacts with the group board artifact to become a member of the team as a general evaluator, based on information that she discovers on the group board artifact's profile.  

